Revised README to be more formal (#18)
fosskers/vectortiles: README.md

What are VectorTiles?
---------------------

> Invented by [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/), `vectortiles` are a combination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invented by [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/), VectorTiles are a combination
```

Author: Made the change

#### Sanity Checks / Error Handling

The protobuf data can be malformed in a number of ways. The amount of sanity

> checks while decoding depends on willingness to sacrifice performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
checking that occurs while decoding depends on willingness to sacrifice performance.
```

Author: Made the change
